# A Dat Dependency Resolver

## Current Thoughts

- The ultimate goal:
  - input: `package.json` (or equivilant)
  - output: list of `<script>` & `<link>` tags
- Is there a way to do this without dumping everything globally? 
- The `package.json` would need a `version` field and a list of `dependencies`
- To solve for versions, we would look at the entire history of `package.json` and try to find the first file with a matching version starting from the oldest. We would then link to that specific point in history for that dat. 
- Will need a cli or web interface to make this process easier.
- Will probably need to mark each `<script>` and `<link>` tag with some sort of attribute like `data-dep` so we know which tags we can remove.
- scripts & links would probably make the most sense at the bottom of the `<head>`. If there isn't a `<head>` might just place at the top of the file? That would be kind of inconsistant though. I guess we could look for all other `<title>`,`<meta>`,`<script>`,and `<link>`
- I guess we'll need a way to add extra attributes such as `defer` to scripts & links.
- Eventually named es6 modules (maybe with a custom `import.loader`) would be ideal
- This solution would probably require `<script>` and `<link>` tags to be cached for the duration of the parent site if sites wanted to stay truely offline.

---
### (* Continued *)

- It looks like there would maybe need to be three seperate pieces that almost work independently. 
  - **Package Spec**: A spec to declare what each individual package might look like and how it would declare its dependencies.
  - **Registry Spec**: A spec to declare what a registry containing one or more packages would look like
  - **Dependency Graph Resolver**: A tool to searching registries and resolving the latest version of each dependency and subdependency.
  - **Installation tool**: A tool that takes a dependency graph and converts it into `<script>` and `<link>` tags.